# Legal-website-recommendation
 With advancement of technology people are relying more on it by using it to do their simplest task to more difficult ones.The main idea behind this project was to test the intersection of technology and law. With a plethora of information available online sometime it becomes overwhelming for an individual to get the right information without spending hours and hours browsing through internet. The project aimed at developing a recommendation engine that would help people struggling to find the right source of information for their legal matters.The recommendation engine developed in this project would help people in locating the correct website for their legal matters , based on their key words. For instance, a person who's landlord has suddenly increased rent should need to know their rights as a tenants. Entering simple keywords such as "rent increased" or "increasing rent" in the recommendation engine would pop up a list of legal websites where the user can easily narrow down their search and gain the right information in less amount of time.
 Some of the challenges encountered while developing the recommendation engine was the lack of the availability of the dataset. A dataset comprising of different websites relating to law/legal matters was needed to develop the recommendation engine. While this task required browsing hundreds of websites and recording them.
The development of the dataset was the most tricky and time consuming process.

# Future Advancement
No doubt technology is transforming the legal profession . It can be used by lawers and other law sectors to collect and  process the information faster with less errors and hidden problems. he future advancement to this recommendation engine can be many , It can be automated whith adding more recent and updated websites.The recommendation engine can be personalized that suits the users need.

# Intersection of Technology and Law
While it seems a daunting task for a person who is either a technologist or a lawyer or someone who works in law to cross refer and work across each others domain. For instance a technologist may not have much deeper knowledge about the law domain and similarly for a lawyer may not have expertise to perform coding , but there is a possiblity to merge both the domains with hardwork and efforts, that can surely open gates for endless opportunities.
